Reflect that Tor version must be  >= 0.3.2.2-alpha to reach V3 onions. (#3643)
ElementsProject/lightning: doc/TOR.md

To use any Tor features with c-lightning you must have Tor installed and running.

Please note that nodes with V3 onion address i.e `vww6ybal4bd7szmgncyruucpgfkqahzddi37ktceo3ah7ngmcopnpyyd.onion`
will not be reachable over Tor if your Tor version is below 0.3.2.2-alpha

Connections to nodes with old Tor V2 address form with less than 10 char prefix before .onion
i.e.`3fyb44wdhnd2ghhl.onion` should work with any version of Tor.

You can check your installed Tor version with `tor --version` or `sudo tor --version`

> if not installed you can install Tor on Linux by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Tor is not installed you can install it on Debian based Linux systems (Ubuntu, Debian, etc) with the following command:
```

Author: done :+1:
